in the middle of the forest there is a place where nature, however, for the
parents
koff in this city of sprouts located in the center of the state of são paulo is a
of the most important and complete tourist destinations in Brazil
emotion
tranquility
nature
lisboa welcomes in the area and the interior way of travel
attracts thousands of people every year
240 kilometers from the city of são paulo
the trip is safe by the modern highways of the state and with landscapes
all the way
the story of the cult classic is the sand that sings
the conversation in the late 19th century when Italian immigrants that family
passed and finished the race
many years dedicated to agriculture and milk production
raise your children
this new generation discovered that the piece of land that had other
natural riches a venture to face in the semis
the famous spring would give sings
proud of spring water
a woman
this was happening, the deadline for transforming rural property into
Fazendão until the day with the sand tourism that sings the farm still maintains
productive activities you are
fully structured to meet the requests visitors corporate events
everything was planned to offer the best in lodgings the apartments
are comfortable how many with all modernity items surrounded by areas
green
birds and many things
in the hilarious restaurant-school typical of the region and exclusive
family of immigrants
all very natural and healthy
mostly produced in the
own farm
on all sides leisure activities and sports entertainment
impunity
and the feeling of being integrated with nature
in the sand that sings
not special
special for you and your family
a unique place
with many local attractions
how to fish in the lake
can fruit in the orchard
horseback riding
chevette
go hiking and hiking
know the museum the story of the sand that sings
and even shop at the farm store to bring souvenir
have tasted good coffee
or taste one of the best cachaças in the region
all activities are accompanied by monitors and people I met
very well
the murals
faithful to oneself sports
around the land to the sand that sings more to be
sprouts offers much more
in partnership with the agencies of shoots and region
you can opt for other activities
how to practice tree climbing
was the crowd
visit waterfalls
or just stroll through the city
to meet the cinema
fully restored
by daniel field
son of the land
the sand farm hotel that sings is also the favorite place for events
corporate
many large companies
of the rest of the elections and why this personalized
all prepared to guarantee the energy needed for the working day
corporate activities
extend into the open air
in scenarios
natural
in the encounter with nature the companies potentiate their steps
and in the end
celebrate with joy
meeting targets
I'm doing rappel sand that sings is at the heart of ecotourism
heated up to deletei at the lake
in the rapids of the river tamandua
to venture five years
in August of this year
has fun watching and getting to know more than 170 and
two species of birds cataloged
the hotel business
develops an environmental education project filled with activities
fun
using natural and cultural resources as the subject of study
allowed strong interaction with the environment ivo daalder futurism
to awaken ecological awareness to facilitate learning
and to increase knowledge
nature created
for this
special spaces
Meanwhile, policing
three proposals
which formed a trio
The letters
prepared everything with great affection
and delivered to people
bin hammam to the ground
and the waters
they will not make the dressing room
everything is for you
your family
and for your company
what nature has created
the sand team that has
frei serafim reserve
other people to enjoy
all that commitment
ae
ae beijing accused hotels farm the sand that sings